[Keyboard] Added Roses Lite Support (#12173)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/roseslite/readme.md

# Roses Lite

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Reason6/Vk2fgav](https://github.com/vk2fgav)
* Hardware Supported: Roses Series
* Hardware Availability: [Shop](http://delta-design.xyz)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make roses_lite:default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make roseslite:default
```

> Flash example for this keyboard
>     make roses_lite:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make roseslite:default:flash
```
